To Arch Linux we go!

![Arch linux desktop screenshot.](http://i.huang.mx/i/dfGXp.png)

I've been an Ubuntu fanboy for the longest time. From 8.04 and up to 12.04, 
I've always just stuck with Ubuntu. I just didn't seem to like any other linux 
distro (Linux Mint, Fedora, Redhat, etc.) for my personal home use.

Ubuntu has been getting a bit stale and Canonical seems to be moving away from 
the whole minimal user experience thing (especially after the whole Amazon 
search fiasco).

People (nerds) on the internet are constantly telling each other about this new 
and cool linux distribution called Arch Linux. Arch Linux is always running on 
the most cutting edge packages (which can be good or bad depending on what you 
need). It also provides you with the bare minimum to get you started with. 
Another benefit is that your epeen becomes larger after installing it.

So I burned the latest Arch Linux iso, popped it in, and started the 
installation.

I was greeted by a lovely command line after the CD loaded up. Fortunately, I'm 
pretty fluent in Linux. That (along with the amazing Arch Linux Wiki) allowed 
me to get everything set up pretty quicky. I copied the install to my spare SSD 
and was able to boot without the CD in the DVD drive.

After that I had to decide on a desktop environment. I've used Gnome for the 
longest time (until Unity came in 12.04) and heard that the new Gnome shell was 
not really good. So I went ahead and tried something new -- Xfce.

Xfce is pretty beautiful. I immediately changed the theme to Greybird and the 
Faenza icon pack. I also did a little Chromium font fixing and audio 
adjustment. Playing with the audio packages (ALSA) was the hardest, as I never 
had any previous experience doing that. I spent a bunch of time reinstalling 
packages after they would break on me.

In the end, everything was fixed and sorted out. Now I'm running an awesome 
Arch Linux setup. The install process was pretty much exactly what I thought 
it would be. I'm a bit suprised I didn't run into anymore errors along the way.

So that's my story. I honestly don't know why I'm typing this but #YOLO I 
guess. Also it just feels nice to type on my new Cherry MX Blue keyboard.